# Codebook for "Getting and Cleaning Data"
###### So for this assignment, most of the work was bringing together the multiple data sets. This first thing my code does is cbind the activity code and subject to the test and train data sets, seperately. Then these appended data sets are joined (rbind) together, and data integrity is checked by making sure there is a continuous progression of subject numbers.
###### Since the assignment only says to extract the std and avg for each variable, I operated under the assumption that the first six columns, labeled variations of "TotalBodyAccX" were summations, and extracted the first six columns of measurements using the select function in dplyr. This was done after adding the activity descriptions by merging the activity_labels table with my full set on activity code. 
###### I used dplyr's select statement to remove everything except the aforementioned six columns, leaving me with a subject column, an activity label, 3 average accelerations (X/Y/Z axes) and 3 std dev measurements (X/Y/Z axes).
###### I then calculated the mean of the acceleration values by subject and activity, as well as the mean standard deviation of the 3 std dev values, also by subject and activity, using the mutate function, and appended them to the data set.
###### I then used the summarize function to group the data frame by subject and activity, and create new columns for the average of both the mean and std dev columns.
###### This results in the data frame TidyData. The column "subject" refers to the subject number, "Activity" refers to the activity performed, "Avg" is the average of all values for that subject and activity, and "SD" is the standard deviation for all values for each subject and activity.
